all-in-one CI update PR (#506)
interledger-rs/interledger-rs: examples/README.md

$ (some command) | ../../scripts/run-md.sh
```

> The script basically downloads compiled binaries and uses it. You could also make the script use the source code.  Try specifying `SOURCE_MODE=1` as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the script will download compiled binaries to use with the examples. If you want it to build the project from the source code instead, you can set `SOURCE_MODE=1` as follows:
```
